
Overall, I thought that the chapter was very coherent (one coherent line of reasoning), the writing was very good quality which made for a pleasant read, and the references were very up to date (in fact had some new research I was unaware of). So overall I think the chapter is in very good shape. I have a couple of very minor suggestions, none of which are all that important. Also, in a couple places I suggest that my own work be cited. This is totally optional. I though that there were connections, but the authors should decide. 

I really like the point that "interventions and temporal dynamics are inseparable". Perhaps another reference to hit home this point, perhaps on Page 2, is Rottman, Kominsky, and Keil (2014; "Children use temporal cues to learn causal directionality"). I think that this paper lines up with the thought that the distinction between intervention-driven (as being atemporal) and time-driven models of causal inference does not exist in human experience. In that paper we were still at a higher level - we weren't talking about the specifics of the delays, but I think it is a very similar sentiment. 

On page 10, you cite Tulving et al., about issues with defining "trials". You might also consider citing Gallistel and Gibbon's (2000) paper titled "Time, Rate, and Conditioning". Aside from being a great paper, there is a section starting on page 333 titled "The Trial Problem" that talks about how "trials" are an invention of researchers that don't exist in the real world - animals experience the world continuously. 

On page 10, second to bottom line, there is a space before the period "reinforcement ."

Pages 10-11, section on Cycles. You might consider citing Rottman Kominsky, and Keil 2014. In Experiment 1, we found that 5-7 year old children pretty reliably are able to learn cycles among two variables from repeated interventions over time. Again, this does not involve delays, but I think it is a step in the direction of your work with fully temporal networks with distributions over the delays. 

Figure 1.2 is very small - maybe you could make it bigger and just take up the entire page?

On page 19 "these positive test interventions are informative about the relationships between the downstream variables due to the blessing of variability described above." I think it might help to rephrase this to make it clear that these interventions on root nodes can be informative so long as there is a *moderate* amount of variability. 

On page 21, I was confused by the line "Fortunately, as the number of events becomes unmanageable for reasoning at the level of one-to-one cause-effect mappings, one can start to reason instead about whether activations and interventions affect the rates of occurrence of other variables." I don't really see the connection between number of nodes and whether you are focusing on the timing of activation of each node vs. rates of each node. These seem like separate things. It almost seemed like you were making a point about if there are many nodes, then you can look at the overall rate of any of the nodes firing? I'm not sure. Regardless, from my memory Pacer and Griffiths 2015 were still looking at the correlation between the rate of one variable and the presence/absence of another variable, so there were just two variables, so I didn't get the connection to the number of nodes. In sum, I found the logic of this paragraph confusing.

When talking about Davis, Bramley, and Rehder (2018) on page 23-24, you might also look into Soo & Rottman (2014; it is a CogSci conference paper with the title "Learning Causal Direction from Transitions with Continuous and Noisy Variables"). Figure 1.3 looks remarkably similar to Figures 1 and 2 in that paper, though 1.3 is considerably more complicated with more noise. There are also other important differences - your research involves interventions, our paper is observations, ours is not continuous time, yours is. So I'm not sure if it is a perfect fit, but is seems pretty closely related.

page 28 - there is some white space in the middle of the page. Wasn't sure if there was supposed to be a figure or something, or just extra returns.